Now I've summarize some of the things here that have been voiced by journalists
and if you want to have a look in more detail about the way that a journalist thinks, have a look at
this blog piece which I've linked in the text below from Mike Butcher who is the editor at large at
Techcrunch. And he's a really great guy
who writes some really interesting pieces and he certainly get swamped by startups or founders trying
to pitch their company or their app or whatever.
And he created this blog post that acts as a guideline to how you should approach pitching journalists.
And he also has this little checklist at the end which is really useful full of things that you should
answer in your pitch or at least think about before you start pitching a journalist.
So take a look at that and start following some of what I would say best practice for pitching journalists.
Now the final thing I'm going to say is that if you're interested in the way that journalism works currently
and how the game of getting press actually works, then this is a great book that I would highly recommend.
It's called Trust me I'm lying by Ryan Holiday who is a really accomplished young guy actually.
He was the head of marketing at American Apparel when he was only 20 and did some great stuff for them.
But essentially in this book what they talk about is the way that modern journalism works.
The klick chasing journalism.
And he talks about some pretty underground ways or hacky ways that he went about getting some major
coverage in on national TV or national newspapers simply by creating a sort of sensationalist piece
which he leaks to some small the blogs which gets syndicated by larger blogs which then gets read by
journalists at The Washington Post or The New York Times and then before you know the news piece is on
NBC. So have a read of that.
It goes into a lot more detail than what I can do in this course but it's both insightful as well as
practical on how you can leverage the press in the modern day.